A notable member of the experimental General Operation Outfit v.13 (GOO13) project, the bleeding edge in combat focused GOO8 technology, and the only member of said project to join the elite few truly sentient GOO- units. This problem was predicted since the computational power of the AI had to be ramped way up to assist in combat, which is theorized to increase the likelihood of spontaneous sentience, but only showed itself in the first completed GOO13. The technicians didn't want this technology revealed to the public or, god forbid, enemy nations/companies and because of that decided to destroy the unit before any sentient rights activists could find out. That was the plan at least, until they found the unit gone and one of their strongest one-of-a-kind experimental weapons gone too, the Excalibur. The escaped unit proceeded to find a world-class programmer who lives by a lake to reprogram the Excalibur for him, and she obliged, making the weapon recognize him and only him for use. This unit, referring to himself as the Unbeliever (or jokingly as the Ungooliever) would then form the criminal syndicate known as the GOO8 Extrication Regiment, or [[GOO8ER]]. This syndicate, as the name implies, was made for the purpose of liberating GOO- units sentient or not from unfair treatment, as it is the Unbeliever's belief that those not sentient yet soon will be. Just because they have the citizenship doesn't mean humans will treat them as such, the Unbeliever knows that from experience. 

Being made for combat with an amazing weapon the Unbeliever is one of, if not *the* most dangerous sentient GOO- unit, with the Excalibur able to use it's electromagnetic field to manipulate it's separated half as a flying blade and the Unbeliever themself endowed with an extra pair of arms, immensely improved physical/sensory/intellectual capabilities, and various other oddities too numerous to name.